And there we go.
We learned the first important pillar of JavaScript closures.
We learned that a closure is the combination of a function and the lexical environment from which it
was declared and we're able to do this because well functions are a first class citizen and we have
lexical scope in JavaScript and now the statement that I made at the beginning of this closure section
should make sense.
Closures allow a function to access variables from an enclosing scope or outer scope environment even
after it leaves the scope in which it was declared because all that matters in Javascript is where the
function was written.
Now the interesting thing about closures is that JavaScript really popularized this idea that is now
all over programming languages especially functional programming languages and the closure concept is
now adopted and added to different languages like Python and Ruby after javascript popularized it and
showed how powerful it is and I think C sharp and C++ even are also adding closures to their language.
So it's a very very powerful tool.
I hope you had fun with that section and we have one more pillar to go.
So for the next one I'll see in the next video by.